The Synapse Connection
In the brain the subconscious action of taking care of the thought and operations of the body's operations is regulated by instinct and hierarchy of fundamental control systems due to synchronized methods of inner cognition.
The body's systems are closely regulated by the brain and its cognitive abilities through signalling pathways in the neurological system blood flow through connections in the circulatory system movement through the muscular and bone systems and generally a flow of information through ATP and ADP within the dynamics of the H2O concentration within the anatomy.
In turn controls over DNA replication RNA implications and overall control at the molecular. Genetic and cellular systems exhibited by the brains functioning can seek then in sequences to permit growth and cell diversity organ control and seek to show dexterity and function in the senses  speaking seeing hearing tasting smelling touching thinking  sensing and emotion as well as in thinking perception or ESP (extra sensory perception) predictions predispositions predeterminations forecasting and reliability.
The afore mentioned are controlled by a series of genes which can be identified by triggers in the brains communication these impulses can ideally be conceptualized in looking for the gestalt of a person capturing key resources to identify that persons persona and character.
Inner characteristics which identify with clarity their intrinsic makeup. So in turn the scientific question is if simplified could A DNA strand suffice as a representation of a person's psyche their Id ego and superego cognition memory and functioning including learning and recall including room for new bodily connections and enhancements?
Assignments
1. Identify key genetics use biomarkers if applicable that represent the factors above described as linked to brain function.
2. Draw up a plan for a " perfect " strand of DNA including your findings
3. Collaborate to establish the strand as living DNA
4. Formulate a plan to see if it is a viable source of reincarnation
5. Establish considerations and enhancements over cloning.
6. Write papers. Publish Findings.
7. Integrate into research ;clinical practice; medicine law and mathematics.
